and here is the wheel simple and
revolutionary form that changed the
world and this simple form having gone
through uncountable Stations of
evolution can fulfill the most diverse
tasks tall form established in 1969
started to deal with manufacturing of
molds for agricultural and truck tires
truck tire containers as a subsidiary of
todos the former Hungarian tire factory
the appearance and pattern of the tire
to be mounted on the wheel rim is given
by curing mode that requires
extraordinary preciseness and
professional skill only few companies
can boast this level of professionalism
experiences and product range among the
product of tall form you will find
curing molds for passenger car and light
truck tires curing modes for truck and
bus tires curing molds for agricultural
and industrial motor vehicles curing
containers furthermore tall form also
deals with repair and modification of
containers and various types of molds
through its partners tall form supplies
molds and containers to nearly all
regions of the world 70% of our export
is directed to Europe and 30% to the
rest of the world so far sulphur has
produced more than four thousand
containers nearly two thousand car tire
modes 600 truck tire molds and about 400
agricultural tire molds tall form uses
the latest technology in design
engineering and production for
flexibility and meeting the individual
customers requirements special designing
engineering background is an accessory
the team of towel forms employs
successfully combines the generation of
skilled specialists having several
decades of experiences and the young
generation opens new tasks and
challenges machining is performed in CNC
machines milling tasks are fulfilled on
simultaneous 5xs high speed machining
centers
dull form has been working on the basis
of the Quality Assurance system iso 9001
per mm since 1994 and has been audited
by chief north in compliance with the
regulations in accordance with the
changes that have taken place in the
meantime in 2009 the audit was carried
out on the basis of iso 9001 per 2008
and tall form satisfied also those
requirements in all respects the
activities of tall form are specific the
tasks can only be fulfilled by well
trained and skilled employees therefore
it's important to continuously train the
team of specialists both in the field of
engineering and production and to
achieve their devotion to work with the
help of the solid and loyal human
background adaptation of newcomers and
enriching their experiences also take
shorter time than usual the HR strategy
of the company suitable proportion of
the young and experienced employees
perspectives tailored to the person
safely hood recognition of
professionalism and last but not least
cheerful atmosphere